Update G15 test case steps (#1077)
integr8ly/integreatly-operator: test-cases/tests/walkthroughs/g15-verify-soluton-explorer-customer-settings-backup.md

  - 2.6.0
---

# G15 - Verify solution explorer customer settings backup

## Steps

1. Login as dedicated-admin user to the solution explorer
2. Select **?** symbol in the top right hand corner and click on about
   > Verify the Solution Explorer version and confirm that it matches the version obtained via cli:
   >
   > ```
   > oc get rhmi rhmi -n redhat-rhmi-operator -o json | jq -r '.status.stages."solution-explorer".products."solution-explorer".version'
   > ```
3. Close About and select the settings cog in the top right hand corner.
4. From the **Daily Backups** drop down menu select a time to do the backup.
5. From the **Weekly maintenance window** drop down menus, select a day and time for maintenance.
6. Login to the cli as cluster-admin user `oc login ...`
7. Retrieve the **rhmi-config** CR
   ```
   oc get rhmiconfig rhmi-config -n redhat-rhmi-operator -o yaml
   ```

>    > Verify that the changes you made in previous steps habe been applied correctlly to the CR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   > Verify that the changes you made in previous steps have been applied correctly to the CR
```
